# 2021-08-05

## Morning Routine
- [x] Drink a Glass of Water
- [x] > 5 Minutes of Meditation - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xU2vkQ66OYI
- [x] > 10 Minutes of Journaling
- [x] Start working on Goals!

## This Month's Goals
- [x] Morning Routine
- [x] Write 100 Words/Day
- [x] Highlight - 

## Journal
Good morning! Not feeling the best this morning either, still feeling lost and hopeless. I broke one of my habit streaks today. I stayed up too late last night, and I'm really tired this morning. I don't have clarity on what I want to spend my time on, I feel uninspired. I think itd be really neat to start the balance brewers business, so I'll keep trying with that. One thing I did find inspiring is watching other peoples videos about how they've had success. Maybe I just need to do something similar. Though the clarity of what I should work on would still be a difficulty. I like the idea of working on Automate Notion, since it's sort of my two favorite things combined. Maybe by looking at the cool things people are building, that'll help inspire me!

Why do I want to build a business? I honestly just want the freedom. There are some things that I want to be able to buy (house, car, computer, camera), but I really want the freedom to be able to do what I want with my days. If I want to deep dive into crypto and investing, or spend a day playing video games I can. I can take whatever breaks I want. To be able to work for myself. But recently entrepreneurship has just seemed lack luster to me, and so has working (even more so). I'm tired of working a job, but I'm having a hard time starting something else up.

What if I just spent all of my time focusing on my personal brand? I think that'd be awesome, but I don't think it's the fastest way to make me money. Which is funny, because ~3 years ago I said that same thing. I havent' made progress on anything but my career. I wanted to start a youtube channel August of 2018. I made a few videos a few months later, and then I shut the whole thing down. 

I just feel discouraged overall, because I feel like if I were to try to make my personal brand my whole thing, I would fall into the creator monetization trap, and I think for me it'd be easier to make money via entrepreneurship rather than creative stuff.

10am

I'm feeling a bit better now. I think what I want to do is set an overall goal of the roadmap I want to take to bring more freedom into my life. Ex. what I want, why i want to do it, how I plan to get there considering my day job, etc. How much I want to work, what type of work I want to be doing. How much money would I need to be comfortable quitting my job? This would also be a great idea for a piece of content, share the questions I ask myself as a downloadable pdf.

## Shut Down Routine
<del>- [ ] Choose Tomorrow's Daily Highlight</del>
<del>- [ ] Create Tomorrow's Note</del>