## Journal
Good morning! Yesterday I was really struggling with the expectations of myself. It's something I've been struggling with a lot recently, trying to figure out how to just be more joyous day to day, enjoy the process, stay in the present.

Took a bit of a break to make coffee and meditate, but I'm back now and want to journal a bit more. Like I was saying, I've been striddling with my expectations for myself a lot recently. I think it might be good to rewatch that one video from dr.k about the whole gifted child thing. Other than that I'm not too sure how to get out of this trap. It's really difficult because I really want all of these thiings,  the business, to have the freedom to implement my business ideas, and to have money in order to help givve to angelenea, to privde enough where she doesn't need to worry about making money, that she can just so whatever tshe wants to live a fulfilling life. But I don't know how to turn tose wants into needs. Is it possible? the one dr. k video I was watching made it seem like all of those wants need to be let go instead of transformed. I think the drk video was just primarily talking about how we need to shift our external goals into internal values. and purpose. sAlmost to make the wants a by product of the purpose that I have. But do we create our purposes? Or are they sort of already chosen for us? How about values? Do we need to find them or create them? The whole growth mindset thing would say that yes, we can change. I wonder if it has to do with neuroplasticity too. The way our brains think are able to be influenced and changed during experiences. Like losing a loved one can make you value your relationships with your family because you no wunderstand what you have to lose. Damn all of the stuff that dr.k was talking about is really starting to come together. 

[[How to turn wants into needs (theory)]]
though, this is sort of gaming the system, unless the system is meant to be gained. buddhism talks about letting go of wants, not creating a system to put them in the background and figuring out what needs will get you there


## To-Do
<del>- [ ] Research - add extra items to EA mindmap</del>
- [x] Business -  deep dive on top 3 competitors for nocturne coffee
- [x] Maybe post in the obsidian discord for advice on how to go about my mindmap?

## Notes


## Shut Down
<del>- [ ] Post in Accountability Group</del>