## Journal


## To-Do
- [x] Process [[Don't abandon projects when they're hard - fall in love with execution]]


## Notes

Taking a look at [[Don't abandon projects when they're hard - fall in love with execution]] and [[How to Start Finishing Projects]] today.

The first reference note talks about the fantasies we create in our minds when we have a goal. We imagine the best parts of our goal or idea, and that the grass will be greener on the other side. In reality, however, there ends up being roadblocks or obstacles of work that we don't enjoy. It's possible that the ups aren't as grand as we imagined, or that there were downsides that we just couldn't see. Making Youtube videos sounds great until you realize the SEO, title/thumbnail crafting, flopped videos, unforgiving algorithms, and countless hours editing. 

Turning your hobby into a profession sounds great "you'll never have to work a day in your life." But when we turn hobbies into professions, we end up despising them. Take what I've seen with Angelena's friends and clarinet, for instance. This relationship between hedonic hobbies and their death when turned into a profession is interseting, but a different thread (also [[Work on hard things]] and [[You should treat your hobbies like a professional, but not turn it into a profession]], and [[So Good They Can't Ignore You]])

I think the "read this" link is connection between these two thoughts

The how to start finishing note might need to be broken down a bit more, there's a lot going on in that one note.

1. Paradox of choice - you need to start by making a decision on what your focus is
2. Productivity tips
3. Be quick to quit things that aren't working out

**"Be quick to commit, and quick to quit"**

There's a main point of tension in this note, with one side pulling on the "you need to commit and stick with the thing you're working on until completion" and then the side of "quickly being able to quit and pivot between things" The former is more sterotypical advice, coming from a Medium post from an author I've never heard of. The latter is from a 300 page book I read, and harvard psychiatrist. I think I'll lean into the latter. 

What's the point of finishing a project? Is it similar to that of a goal, to just give you direction? How small is a project, and should every project be completed? Is a project a bet in Daniel Vasillio terms?  [[What is a project]]?

I can both see projects as materialized ideas, as well as stepping steps towards a goal. Maybe projects are experiments, whose purpose is to move you closer to a goal. A defined set of criteria and end goal. 

Maybe the point of finishing a project is to move closer to a goal. So therefore you need to be super clear on what you're goal actually is. Then that'll give you good criteria on whether or not a project is the right fit, and should be quit. If it's not moving you towards your goal, then it's time to pivot. That makes it quite simple then. 


- You need to make a decision on what your goal, or direction is.

- Then you create a project that tangentializes this goal. You get hands on and dirty with it. 
- It will not be easy. 
> 	When you start on a new goal and your perception shifts from distant-mode to near-mode, you move from fantasy to seeing gritty details and it suddenly dawn that the goal/project isn’t as glamorous as you thought. However, the biggest mistake we make at this point is to believe switching to a new project is the answer; not realizing that every worthwhile goal is supposed to feel hard, unglamorous, unsexy, while we are doing the work. [[Read This if You Struggle With Finishing Things You Start]]

- However, if you realize that the work itself isn't aligned in the directions of your goals, you need to step back and analyze, where is the misalignment? In the goal, or the project
- Quit the project because it's wrong, not because it's hard. 
	- Leaving things unfinished can test them against time, and give you a place to come back to when the time is right, or when you've become a different person.



- Decide on direction
- Choose a project
- Embrace the difficulty
- Be quick to quit if its misaligned
- Don't be afraid to leave things unfinished


So what does this look like as notes in my system? This feels like it might be best as a speculative outline with each line as it's own atomic note, which I might leave for 

 
## Shut Down
