- Daily
    - [[Morning Pages]] {{word-count}}
        - 07:56
        - Good morning! Today I'm going to try to journal for just 10 minutes. I'd like to see where I get and the thoughts that I have. We'lll see how many words I write too. I'm going to do an all or nothing session, where I'm either allowed to journal or just look at the screen, but nothing else. And if I spend a lot of time just looking at the screen, that's totally okay
        - I'm curious about getting back into time tracking. I don't really remember what it was like back then, but I'm curious to see how others do it and what apps they use. I could do it in roam, but I couldn't really see the calendar view from that. I could do it in notion, but it's just the table view, and its a bit clunky. Maybe Google calendar, but it's sorta difficult to put in exact times
        - I'd like to get more movement on my goals. for finances, I think I'll get a fresh start in June, not sure how to do that with tiller, but I plan on eventually managing my finances in notion. I was messing around with the plaid api, and I'm thinking that it might be something that I'll need Jake to tackle. But in the mean time I could always create the templates and do it sort of manually for now. It'd be more time, but it could be more time that I spend using the templates and refining them. I'm tempted to buy that one template for $5 from that guy. Honestly, might as well to see what I like and don't like, how it works, etc. 
            - Regarding the automate notion finance tracker, I could start a landing page for it to capture emails and to start to push it
        - With my personal brand, I'd like to write blogs on a more regular basis. I want to create a list of blog post ideas, maybe I'll revisit my past blogs and update them. I want to also go through that article by David perell, the ultimate guide to writing online, or whatever it was. I'll add that to my instapaper. I guess with that I'm not too sure where to start, how to dive back in, or where. Over the coming days I'd like to build an action plan for that!
        - Same goes with 
        - Time tracking in notion
            - Add start and end time to notion, with a text property for Name/item
            - automatically sync with a specific calendar in GCAL
            - Then how would you do this for multiple days?
                - Maybe just drag to select all and delete?
        - Well I actually ended up journaling for 15 mins! I felt like I could've gone another half hour today haha, but I have some stuff I need to do, so tomorrow we'll continue!
        - 08:11
        - Distractions:
            - {{[[TODO]]}} look up how others time track their days
            - {{[[DONE]]}} Contact landlord to ask for address
            - {{[[DONE]]}} Text the Christine lady
            - {{[[TODO]]}} Buy finance template from that guy? maybe? or do research on the best finance trackers in notion
            - {{[[DONE]]}} Add David perells ultimate guide to writing online to instappare
    - To-dos
        - {{[[TODO]]}} Daily Highlight - 
    - Ideas & Notes
        - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTSAuSUxuj0 
