---
wordsWritten: 
pagesRead: 
journal: 
meditation:
---
I was watching DrK's video on what he struggles with. He said that once he understood his personality type, and started to align his work, and sense of worth, things drastically changed.

Brandon Sanderson also talks about this, in the sense of figuring out what gets you to do the thing that you want to have done. For him, he really loves watching the progress bar of the book he's working on move up. For others, they need a reward, others need to avoid punishment


What if I trusted the process? What if I trusted today? What if each day I tried my best and trusted that eventually, things will work out? What if I tried to enjoy each day just a little bit more?

I enjoy working on a variety of projects, so what if I just tried my best and go from there?


Just watched a Mark Manson video where he was talking about why self help books suck. Most self help is just about different packaging of the same ideas. They release an initial emotional response based on stories, or different frame works thats based on a core of something else. Whatever it is, it ends up giving us an emotional reaction in the present - where we think, "oh, this is like changing!" Then we forget the emotion, but remember the framework. So, if we're al to capture and sustain those emotions, what would that look like?

## Logbook

### 🏡Home
- [x] [Take vitamins](things:///show?id=FMS3gdLsBVahVWMrwaNT3w)

### 💼 Work
- [x] [Email Joann about Semrush crawls](things:///show?id=22oHchRnaT4JhWF4NTFZiA)
- [x] [make rice by 130](things:///show?id=K9GhjYYK89vokxkrmsFR8t)
- [x] [Fix Apple Billing Problem](things:///show?id=AFwbsUdQsxqMjw8V1pphNB)
