# 2021-08-11

## Morning Routine
- [x] Drink a Glass of Water
- [x] > 5 Minutes of Meditation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clwKDIRtn14
- [x] > 10 Minutes of Journaling
- [x] Start working on Goals!

## This Month's Goals
- [x] Morning Routine
- [x] Write 100 Words/Day
<del>- [ ] Highlight - Contact sellers to see if they'll take it offline</del>

## Journal
guten morgen hinga dingen dergen. I don't have much already thought about on what to journal about. On the business building side of things, I've gotten a little bit discouraged because of the price of the product. however, there isn't much competition outside of like amazon and walmart, i'd be the only primary product provider, so I might be able to get away with it. I'd need to target people with enough money, or find people who are willing to buy it for a present for a coffee loving family member or friend. I also need to do some research into dropshipping on woocommerce. Would it just be better to set up a shopify store? Speaking of which, using oxygen is great, but it's difficult. Maybe starting from a template would be better, or possibly investing in one of those oxygen packs. If I do that, creating websites for others would be a lot easier too.

I also have been getting the itch to start learning python again, however I don't really have too many project on my mind. It'd be nice to learn how to use APIs, I think it could really help with using Notion, as well as help me out in my job. There's things like data visualization. I wonder if a good starting point would be to see if I can input notion data from the terminal, and then transition to filling it with the GSC API automatically. I could also learn data visualization, and try creating a graph based on data in Notion. I think it'd be a cool skill to have. I think it'd also be neat to get better at web design. I have a lot of different things to learn, and I think that's awesome! I just need to give myself the space to work on those things, and just focus on having fun along the way!


## Shut Down Routine
<del>- [ ] Choose Tomorrow's Daily Highlight</del>
<del>- [ ] Create Tomorrow's Note</del>