## Journal
Good morning! Just meditated for 10 minutes, which is the longest I've done in a while! I'm excited to get back into the swimg of things this week. I felt bad because I took this weekend off and didn't do any of my habits.

I've been struggling a lot with letting go of expectations. Of saying "screw it, I don't need the money, I just need the creative freedom" and focusing on bringing that creative freedom into my life. It's funny because when i don't think about making a bunch of money and quitting my job, I feel good. I enjoy the process of learning new things, building what I want to build, etc. But then when I think of going fast, and being able to build a business this month to quit my job next month, all of the shoulds fill my mind. I compare myself to this perfect image of a hustler entrepreneur, or to some 18yo who started a shopify store and is now making millions, and it feels bad. It's just such a hard divide because I want those things so much. One thing that did sort of motivate me the other day, was the fact that aunt mona passed away. and it made me reflect on my actions. It gave me a bit of a wake up call as to the perspective of life. Of the fact that we don't know how long we're here for, and that I need to make my business stuff happen so I can have the most positivt impact while I'm here

## To-Do
- [x] Research - brainstorm personal brand next steps
- [x] Business - gather list of ecom competitors


## Notes


## Shut Down
<del>- [ ] Post in Accountability Group</del>