# 2021-08-02

## Morning Routine
- [x] Drink a Glass of Water
- [x] 15 Minutes of Meditation
- [x] 15 Minutes of Journaling
- [x] Take out garbage
- [x] Start working on Goals!

## This Month's Goals
- [x] Morning Routine
- [x] Write 100 Words/Day (353 today)
- [x] Highlight - Write Memo on [[Why I'm Choosing Automate Notion]]

## Journal
Good morning! Today I'm starting on a 30 day journey of doing 3 habits every day. 1 is a morning routine, which I'm working on right now. Next is a daily highlight for business. Third is writing 100 words/day for my own blog. I plan on starting work an hour later each day. I want to see if I can try working a 35 hour week and get more done. A lot of the time I spend my mornings meaninglessly anyways, and that extra hour in the morning could seriously help me bring me closer to my goals. So this month I'm going to start with these process goals, and see how it goes! I'd also like to start improving some other aspects of my life, especially finances, so I'd really like to start working on that. Today I set myself a to-do of creating a memo on why I'm choosing to work on automate notion. I'm looking forward to committing to that project for a month, and hope that I can make some strides there. I was thinking about it the other day, and if I wanted to make 120k a year, which is almost double my current income, I'd need to make 10k a month, which would mean I'd need to get 1,000 people to pay me $10 a month. Or, 100 people $100 a month. Though I think that one is a little less likely with this sort of product. I have a bunch of other products that I'd really love to work on, but would require me working on building other skills. Maybe it'd be a smart idea to do that alongside working on building the content side of automate notion. Plus, worse case scenario, I could just use bubble as a way to launch automate notion ideas. Bubble is the one thing that's at the base of all of my product ideas, and instead of building things with code. 

- 

## Shut Down Routine
<del>- [ ] Choose Tomorrow's Daily Highlight</del>
<del>- [ ] Create Tomorrow's Note</del>