## Journal
Good morning! Struggling with staying focused :sweatsmile: I've been leaning a bit about trading recently and man it's so tempting to get into. In these situations I feel like I get obsessed and get shiny object syndrome. More like shiny obssession syndrome. I feel like it's all that populates my brain and I can't help but focus on it. 

Hi I've been feeling really rough lately. I've felt like I've been on another plane of existence. It feels bad. I don't know if its because of Nofap, or if it's just because I've been feeling off, but wow I don't feel good. These past few days have really been a struggle. Yesterday I feel like I woke up burnt out from work of having all of those meetings. then on thusday ang asked me to do a bunch of stuff for her and I did and I enjoy doing stuff for her but sometimes I really miss the intimate times that we'd have together and especially with nofap that feels even worse. It's not that I'm giving with expectation of getting something back, it just made me think of everyhting. I don't know if it's the craving for dopamine but I've been playing video games and mindlessly sscorlling social media. Anything to actually avoid doing work either on the side or with my FT job. Like these are things that I love.. I have a dream job where I can work from home and can work on hikgh level strategy for big clients, and I also have all of these ambitions to build other businesses but I feel like there is just this wall in between where I am and where I want to be. This is exactly what I want to help people withh. I know that I wrote most of this post on how to get unstuck. Maybe I could go back to it and see if I could find anything that I can try applying. I feel like maybe I need to get rid of my phone for a little while. I don't think. that it's helping at all. And this stress on myself of wanting to learn about stokcs . I have too many projects going on and I really don't have the time to learn about stocks. I feel like once every month I go through this struggle of asking if the business I'm pursuing is right. I get shiny object syndrome with different ways to make money, and alwaus think that the grass is greener	

## To-Do
<del>- [ ] Research - </del>
<del>- [ ] Business - </del>


## Notes
- Inspiration station
	- place where you put why you're doing the things your doing, the restrictions your setting for yourself and why. 
	- Also a place to put things for videos/quotes that uplift you

## Shut Down
<del>- [ ] Post in Accountability Group</del>