## Journal
Good morning! Happy monday! Want to try to have a good day today, maybe if I could kinda set some goals in this journaling session. Also, I want to spend some time reviewing last week's journals. I forgot that! 

I had some thoughts last night about my overall strategy. I almost feel like if I just spent some time on it, I could really figure it out. LIke the combination of how ideas arise, how I can use those as tweets, then in the newsletter. I was also thinking about my actual implementation of it. About starting to use notion for growth again. I should just start with one idea and try implementing it! The sooner, the better! 

I was also thinking about how I want to have a more structured journal each day. Or maybe not necessarily structured, bbut maybe add some prompts or things to review

Overall, it's a tad overwhelming, but I'm here for it. I'm just going to take it one step at a time and enjoy the process! 

## To-Do
<del>- [ ] Research - </del>
<del>- [ ] Business - </del>


## Notes
dopamine controls time, productivity is our perception of how much work we do vs the time given. but feeling good about the work you did is all about how the perception, do you want to be more productive or feel more productive? Honestly, if you're fine with going slow, then feeling more productive can be a huge boost of inspiration or motivation. it's almost about percieved value

this seems like it could be a really good link between dopamine, time perception, productivity, and marketing


## Shut Down
<del>- [ ] Post in Accountability Group</del>