## Journal
Good morning! I'm actually a bit bummed that it's monday, I really wish I would've had the day off today, but it's whatever! I'm grateful for today.

I don't really know what yo journal about this morning. I hope that I don't get all depressed like I did last week. I felt so off, like I was in another plane of existence. I felt bad that I didn't get a lot of work done, and I felt bad about my side business & personal brand stuff. I almost feel it lingering in the shadows, like it's just waiting for me to mess up again for it to come out. 

But I'll carry on! I need to start getting serious about what I want to write in this weeks newsletter. I honestly have no idea haha. I know yesterday I said that I wanted to get clarity on the overall purpose/vision of the newsletter so I can better get an idea of what to publish

Hi there! I want to start reflecting more. start journaling more. Writing down any thoughts I have. It'd be awesome to do weekly reviews, then sum those up into monthly overviews, and then yearly. I think it'd be pretty neat to get that birds eye view. I guess that starts with just starting to weekly review each week, then reviewing those each month! Part of me misses the physical journaling thing. I always feel like grass is greener. I think it'd be cool just to be able to flip open to a journal page, plus it's like disconnected from technology, which for journaling is a good thing. I think I too easily get distracted. Maybe I try that, set a timer, and go for it.

Anyways, there are these moments where I feel so close to a eureka moment, that I just need to write more. 

## To-Do
<del>- [ ] Research - </del>
<del>- [ ] Business - </del>


## Notes

[[Take a shortcut to emotional freedom]]


Also working hard isn't the only thing that will make us successful, so why base everything on success/working hard?




## Shut Down
<del>- [ ] Post in Accountability Group</del>