
# 2021-07-27

Good morning! 

I went to bed early last night, but still woke up later than I wanted to. I had to shower this morning too, so I didn't end up being ready until right at 8. Apparently I do need 9 hours of sleep, and ever then, I'm pretty groggy in the morning. I did have some alcohol last night, so I'm not sure if that has anything to do with it, but I really wish I could start waking up earlier. I want to be able to journal and meditate every morning, and it'd be really nice to have time to make myself a cup of coffee and relax for a little while, but still start work on time. 

Any way, I actually made some decent progress on my blog yesterday. I think the site is pretty much "good enough" in it's current state. There are probably a couple of things that I want to fix, but right now I think it looks pretty good! Specifically I think there's some global settiings that I need to change so headings and everything look good. 

The whole morning pages thing is interesting, but 750 words is a lot. I'm at like 200 right now and I feel like I'm struggling to keep going. But I think that's the point, is that it should be a struggle, it should just be a stream of thoughts, not thinking about "oh what do I want to write about" or anything like that, just a stream of whatever is going on inside your head like, oh i should really clean my laptop, I can feel the grease all over my fingers. and now look, I'm at 300. That's not too bad.

I tried this new pour over method and the coffee is acutally really good. It's super smooth, there's literally no bitterness, acidity, or anything like that. But it does feel a bit hollow at the same time, like you don't get all of the flavors out. Maybe I'll try to start drinking black coffee so I can really enjoy natural flavors in the coffee. However, I can't really do that with some preground stuff haha. 

Now that I'm wrapping up on my blog, I have to figure out what to work on next. I think I want to both work on a business and my personal brand. I'd like to share my story of "hey I'm building a business, follow me!" One option would be to focus all in on the personal brand side of things. It would take some time, but I could make it happen if I really focused in on it. It's a good blend of marketing, creation, and entrepreneurship. Monetization is the only thing that would keep me back from doing this. It would take some time. It's not the immediate gratification that I 


## What would work look like if it were easy?

I'd like to work less hours and be more valuable. Is that possible? I have a few sorts of tasks:
- Client Work
	- Weekly Expectations
	- Monthly Proactive Tasks
- Internal Tasks
	- Work Optimization
	- Business Building

That covers a majority of my tasks. I think if I just tried to put a solid 4 hours in every day and get my daily highlight done, that'd be great. 