## Journal

Hi there! I'm not journaling until very much later in the day today, but that's okay. I had a wild day at work today. and by wild I mean I feel like I got nothing done. I really need to get a plan together, of how I can best optimize my work. I hope that I'll get a little bit of clarity on the path that my career will be going in the next week. Hopefully that'll help shape the things that I need to do from a growth perspective, and then I can figure out a baseline system for my "must do's" on a weekly basis.

As for my personal stuff, I'm really starting to think that a weekly newsletter would be great to start. I'll start by commiting to 12 issues. I already have 4-6 planned out in my head. At the start of each week I'll dedicate myself to gathering resources & processing notes on that topic, and share my findings at the end of the week. I could possibly give a "here's what you can expect next week" at the end of each email. I'd also like all of the issues to be viewable like in substack. Maybe I should just start a substack? I like substack for it's simplicity. easy design. people are familiar with it. I own my audience, I can take it and leave at any time. It's something that I can transfer to my own blog and host everything on my website at any time. I think it'd be the right move to get started now. I just need to figure out what my next steps are.

For my research, i wrote down that I want to choose 3-5 areas of research. That I was thinking about how I could take a top down view, choose a few articles/resources on each, and then process them. I could also do it the other way, take a look at a few things I've saved or taken notes on and ask, what here has links to one another? I think either way works!

For my business side of things, I'm really excited that most of my drop shipping products came in. It's about time to plan out what I need to do now. I think product imagery will be a big thing. I'll need images for the site and basic product images. Other than that, I'm not 100% sure. I definitely need to *ahem* create the website. I can probably do this from elementor templates though. I can throw it together for now, and get an MVP up. I've been a bit too "omg i'm going to plan out everything and start a business plan and do compettive research and write down all of the things that I like and don't like blah blah blah" that's not how I operate. I like taking fast action. I'm an action taker, and I'm a builder, i make things happen fast and then I re-evaluate. 


## To-Do
<del>- [ ] Research -  choose 3-5 starting areas of research</del>
- [x] Business - Decide on balance brewer & elementor
	- I'm going to focus in on products specifically for breville express right now, but I'd like to offer this eventually w/ a line of other coffee brewers
	- purchased elementor!


## Notes


## Shut Down
<del>- [ ] Post in Accountability Group</del>