## Journal
Hello! Doing a tad bit of journaling today. I promised myself that after I meditated and journaled, I could play some video games before my next meeting. I think this is the way to get me motivated! Rewards for my actions

I also was thinking about eliminating all of the things I'm tracking, and go back to three, maybe four. 1. Meditate 2. Journal 3. Write 4. Research 5. Action on Business

So there's 5 there, but I think they're super important to all that I'm doing right now. I'm tempted to do a mid month reset on my goals and see what I can do in the next two weeks. I want to get clarity on the projects I'm working on, mostly my personal brand and my business. 

For my personal brand, I'm not too sure what the next step for me is. I'm a bit lost in terms of how to make the effortless productivity system. I've started to break it down into sections in obsidian, and I do have that mind map. I think it'd be a good idea to keep the mind map top of mind and create a

- Follow up with Adrian?
- How to build a habit tracker with dataview?
- can i find the lost efforltess productivity notes in my trash from the my blog note?

## Notes
- [[Dr. K interviews Sasha Grey on Procrastination, Feeling Overwhelmed & more]]
- [[What Gets Us to Do Stuff in Life? | Dr.K Explains]]
- [[How to Stop Procrastinating]]
- [[How to Create Motivation Everyday]]
- [[Motivation Psychology - How to Not Be Overwhelmed]]

- [[The Do something principle expanded]]
- [[You don't need more productivity hacks]]
- [[Build an identity based on yourself in isolation, not comparison to others]]
	

## To-Do
<del>- [ ] Daily Highlight - </del>


## Shut Down
<del>- [ ] Post in Accountability Group</del>