# 2021-08-04

## Morning Routine
- [x] Drink a Glass of Water
- [x] > 5 Minutes of Meditation - https://youtu.be/CzbOBVnuQ1A
- [x] > 10 Minutes of Journaling
- [x] Start working on Goals!

## This Month's Goals
- [x] Morning Routine
- [x] Write 100 Words/Day 
<del>- [ ] Highlight - </del>

## Journal

Good morning! I'm feelinga. bit better than last night, but not by too much unfortunately. I'm not sure what's going on with me right now. It could be that I haven't been taking enough action, that I feel like I'm useless at work and with my side hustle. I think that might be the case, but I'm not too sure how to overcome that. Maybe I'm thinking more about the goal, rather than focusing on the process. I think part of me feels lost too, like I'm not sure what I should be focusing on. I'm not confident in my actions. Why don't I feel confident in my actions? I think I feel overwhelmed by all of the possibilities of the things I could work on. Maybe I also feel like I'm not doing enough. However, I know that showing up every day is enough. And I'm proud of myself for simply doing that. I think that, but I'm not sure I believe it. Well, anyways, fuck these feelings. They don't serve me. They're there to hold me back. To keep me from taking action. In the past they've got the better of me, but not this time. This time I perservere. And they're not allowed to get me again. They make me and those around me feel bad, and I'm not allowing that any more. I'm commiting to action, and action is the cure for those feelings. 

I think this sprouted from doubting myself and what I'm doing. For not having a very clear roadmap, or not really knowing on what to work on. I don't need to know what I want to work on right now. I'll just keep taking action until I figure it out. Fire first, aim second. I'm going to keep running in the direction of posting for my personal brand, alongside working on automate notion. Part of me wants to list out all of the things that I could work on. I do have a list of my business ideas. Is there a reason why I couldn't work on a coupole of things simultaneously? Maybe a brainstorming session of all of the ways I could make money.I think that should take priority over my daily highlight today, I think it'll make a big impact on me moving forward.

## Shut Down Routine
<del>- [ ] Choose Tomorrow's Daily Highlight</del>
<del>- [ ] Create Tomorrow's Note</del>