# 2021-08-06

## Morning Routine
- [x] Drink a Glass of Water
- [x] > 5 Minutes of Meditation
- [x] > 10 Minutes of Journaling
- [x] Start working on Goals!

## This Month's Goals
- [x] Morning Routine
- [x] Write 100 Words/Day
- [x] Highlight - Create [[9 to 5 escape plan]]

## Journal

Hello! Starting yesterday, I've started to feel a bit better, out of the "I don't know what to work on slump." The funny thing is that I don't really have any more clarity on what it is that I want to work on. But I took another look at all of the things I could work on, the ways that I could make money. That gave me a couple of new ideas on things that I could work on. One for instance being starting the whole SEO agency thing again. I know that last time it didn't really work out for me because I was very much just freelancing. This time I'm thinking about working with smaller businesses that don't have a good website or SEO, and build them a templated website and take care of all of the baseline SEO activities for a set price. I would then outsource most of the work. Being the middle man seems like fun to me, I just still have some things that I'd need to work out. That agency work would be something that could pretty "easily" bring in money. It would take some hard work, but I wouldn't need to focus on building an audience or creating content, or anything like that. I could start cold calling today. 

However, if money weren't an issue, I'd probably just spend all of my time creating content for my personal blog 

*Are you fighting your natural instinct, or are you taking advantage of them?*



## Shut Down Routine
<del>- [ ] Choose Tomorrow's Daily Highlight</del>
<del>- [ ] Create Tomorrow's Note</del>