## Journal
Good morning! I had my yearly review with Ryan yesterday, and it went great! I'm looking forward to getting more out of the weeds and focusing more on building systems, automations, reporting, stuff like that. I got a raise too, so that was nice :) 

On my side business stuff, my first newsletter goes live today! I'm excited for that to go to my one subscriber, but I'm honestly pretty excited to really dive into creating these. I think maybe for these first 12, I'll focus on publishing crap. It doesn't need to be perfect, it just needs to be within the guidelines 

- Anecdote - link to other area, (science, expereince)
- 2/3 of my atomic notes and how they link together
- 2/3 research articles that can teach us more about topic
- deep dive into single topic

I think if wed-sat I focus on research, moving as fast as I can to add as much to my PKM as possible, then sun-tue writing the newsletter should be a breeze. I can take a look at all of my ideas, alongside the EA graph, and should be able to pull together a few ideas!

For my business, I think I decided on a font to use for my logo, so now I just need to create the files!

Just finished meditating. Feeling a bit weird. I don't know if anxious is the right word. But maybe overwhelmed? I took on this project of creating my newsletter, which I could 

Whenever I'm stressed or anxious, I feel a need to journal, but then whenever that happens I think "no I should be taking action" Like right now I should be doing content for work, but man I just am not feeling it right now. 

## To-Do
<del>- [ ] Research - </del>
<del>- [ ] Business - </del>


## Notes


## Shut Down
<del>- [ ] Post in Accountability Group</del>