# 2021-08-03

## Morning Routine
- [x] Drink a Glass of Water
- [x] > 5 Minutes of Meditation
- [x] > 10 Minutes of Journaling
- [x] Start working on Goals!

## This Month's Goals
- [x] Morning Routine
- [x] Write 100 Words/Day
- [x] Highlight - Organize AN What to work on & Content Ideas

## Journal

Good morning! Unfortunately I had to shower this morning so I'm starting a bit late. I feel bad because I'm cutting into work time, but that's okay. I meditated this morning and it felt pretty good, albeit a bit shallow, but that's okay. I showed up, and that's what matters. Again, feeling a little bit bad because of how late it is, and I want to work on waking up earlier, so I think I'll but a little more focus into how I can start waking up nice and early. I could make the reward a cup of coffee, looking forward to that! I could create a little contraption that turns the kettle on each morning haha.

During meditation this morning, I was thinking a bit about one question that is popular in the self dev community, about how your passion is something that you would do if you had all of the money in the world. I think I'm doing those things right now, wanting to build businesses and learn. Specifically the learning part, and sharing that information with the world. 

I talked with Jessie yesterday about what to do with the whole deep dive on taking action, and he said I should understand why I'm doing it, as well as make a mind map of the topics that it covers. So yesterday I did a brain dump of all of the things that it might entail, and boy is it a big list, and I'm barely scratching the surface.

It's unfortunate that I want to make more money so badly. That my business decisions are influenced by monetization, but that's the way it is for me right now. That's something that I'd really value to have more of right now. I really don't want to go back to freelancing, as tempting as it may be, or however easy I think it might be in my brain, to just outsource it to others, but I just don't think that's the right move for me.

I also want to add to business ideas, the shop specifically for breville barista expresses. The bottomless portafilter, the dosing cup, maybe some milk jugs, I think that'd be neat. 

- Experimentation Journal
- 5 core principles reviewed every morning

8:02 PM

Hey there. not feeling so great tonight. I don't know why, but I'm feeling off. I think i feel bad about myself again. I almost feel lost, like I don't know what to do. But I also feel hopeless that I'll be able to find my way. Part of me feels like I should just give up, that I mediocre at far too many things to make an impact or stand out in one area. Things feel bleak. Hopeless. I feel like no matter how hard I try I'm not going to make any progress. That I'm not good enough. I don't know what else to say. It feels true right now. I don't want it to be true. In the back of my mind I know that I can do anything that I want to, given a long enough period of time. That's why I'm here looking for something a glimpse of hope or thought that it'll be okay. I feel like I just want instant success, but man who doesn't? I feel like I see a bunch of people, see the front that people put on for twitter, for instance. All of the creators who are showing up every day with bushels of motivation and not a doubt in their mind. Making money like nobody's business. Where I can't sustain anything unless someone is giving me an assignment. So what if I am worthless and good for nothing? I know that's not true. I can still work on stuff and do stuff I enjoy


## Shut Down Routine
<del>- [ ] Choose Tomorrow's Daily Highlight</del>
<del>- [ ] Create Tomorrow's Note</del>