## Journal

Hi there! Just came to journal for a few minutes

I've been thinking a lot about starting a newsletter recently. I don't really know how it'd fit into the equation versus a blog. If the newsletter would be a bit more personal, curation-y, and my blog was more informational and action focused. I think a couple next good steps here would be to put a list of all of the people who's newsletters I really like on a list, and see what they all do, what I like the best, what would be sustainable for me. Do they have a blog? what's different about their blog vs their newsletter content?

With the collector to creator course, I don't really need to do the assignments right now. I have them , I can do them at any time. It's a barrier right now since I've been in a publishing rut, but I think that I just need to work on my overall vision a bit more. 

I think it'd be awesome to sort of "get my own degrees" in psychology and neuroscience. Hell I'd even go back to uni for it, I think it's that interesting. But if I could find my own cirriculum and learning sources, that'd be wonderful

## To-Do
- [x] Review mind map 
	- Took a look at this today. I think I actually need to consolidate all of the things into as few groups as possible, ex. external vs internal factors, then start to create more hierarchy from there. Then, I can start working down what each part actually means, from my brainstorm list, also consolidate with [[Effortless Action]]
- [x] Create list of shops that I really like




## Shut Down
- [x] Post in Accountability Group