# 2021-08-10

## Morning Routine
- [x] Drink a Glass of Water
- [x] > 5 Minutes of Meditation - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tg5EYvIUhlk
- [x] > 10 Minutes of Journaling
- [x] Start working on Goals!

## This Month's Goals
- [x] Morning Routine
- [x] Write 100 Words/Day
- [x] Highlight - Brainstorm action items for ecom store

## Journal
Good morning! Today I'm doing good, a bit tired is all. I have to mow the lawn sometime soon, but it isn't suuuuper long so I'm not too concerned. Might do it tonight. Oh shit, apparently it's supposed to rain all week, so maybe I should do it this afternoon haha. I'll mow the lawn at like 1130 then shower and have lunch. 

I have to figure out what I want to work on today. I also kind of want to remember what it was that I outlined yesterday. I think one was a blog post idea for ayurveda. I honestly cant remember what the other one was now, which is very unfortunate since now I've lost something because of my PKM :( 

I also need to choose what my daily highlight will be today. I could make it simple as something like define projects and next steps for ecom store. I think that'd be the most helpful right now. I think it'd also be cool to have a central spot for all of the projects I have worked on in the past, and what I can do next if I ever want to dive right back into one. Notion would probably be a good spot for that! I should start building systems that align with my default nature. 

## Shut Down Routine
<del>- [ ] Choose Tomorrow's Daily Highlight</del>
<del>- [ ] Create Tomorrow's Note</del>