## Journal
Good morning! Will try my best to do a focused journaling session today. I'll shoot for 10 minutes.

Yesterday I put together an outline for my newsletter. I have 800 words together and I really didn't need to do any writing. I hope to not do a whole lot of extra writing to it, but it'll definitely need some flow and some areas need expanded upon. Maybe today I'll focus on finishing the writing part of it, then tomorrow I'll focus on editing it. I'd also like to work more on tweeting about it, figure out some sort of promotional strategy. I'd like to integrate twitter more, get more liberal with sharing my thoughts on a day to day basis. What am I thinking about? What am I learning?

With my business side of things, I finally have all of the products in! I can work more on my website, i think I'm ready to get back to work on it. I just need to make a short sprint to get the website done, then once I figure out the legal stuff, I can just start advertising!

--

I'm trying to get better about work. I feel like I really just need to curb my video game obsession. I spend so much time on it in the morning where I could be working. I also really need to figure out a strategy of how to 

Just got off the phone with jessie. Really enjoyed talking to him! He gave me this idea of an idea incubator, of how we can take ideas and actually implement them. I feel like there are so many different kinds of ideas: business ideas, content ideas, etc. 


Hi! 

Feeling rough. I feel like I've been struggling with my relation to dopamine. Alongside my interests diverging. I've been playing way too many video games, I feel like I'm using it to blunt the effects of not having other sources of dopamine. I just now went to delete tik tok but got caught by instagram and twitter haha. I need to do be doing better with work too, I haven't been doing enough output.



## To-Do
<del>- [ ] Research - </del>
<del>- [ ] Business - </del>


## Notes


## Shut Down
<del>- [ ] Post in Accountability Group</del>