
## Newsletter
Gotta write the newsletter today, thinking through some draft ideas

- Let stolen dreams stay dreams
	- Struggles with figuring out what I want to work on 
	- At the end of 2022 i made the decision to go all in with doing web design and seo services
	- now, i have one completed web dev project, one in progress, and an SEO/PPC lead.

- Being sold dreams
	- youtube video I was watching
	- 


- What to work on
	- wanting vs liking
	- content
	- understanding the purpose

- Enjoying the struggle
	- This morning I was trying to finish up my post for today's newsletter, but I kept running into brick walls. The ideas weren't fitting together, and I kept banging my head. 
	- But I still felt committed to publishing a piece today. I still wanted to grind at the ideas. 
	- 


I've been struggling to figure out what I want to work on recently. 

There seems to be this constant tension of wanting to make more money to have more freedom and control over my life, and wanting to do work I actually enjoy. 

Are these two d





## Meeting with Ryan
- How can I help with business direction/website optimism
	- Ex. gathering resources and taking a first pass at content
	- vs marketing materials 
	- vs building landing pages
- Keyword stages
	- when we've achieved rankings for something - looking at CTR & tracking position movements
	- CTR testing with meta descriptions, title tag tweaks, et


## Meeting with Daniel
- intro
- working smarter, not harder
	- would love to know your thoughts on how to apply
	- interested to know your thoughts on this when it comes to choosing small bet opportunities
	- identifying leverage points - the intersection between intrinsic motivation and money
		- what would you recommend
	- also a balance between knowledge and action
		- how can we put enough thought into something to avoid just churning out crap for the sake of grinding, vs. not getting stuck in a balance 
- aligning small bets w/ personal brand
	- currently working on writing a newsletter and twitter presence around "working less and living more" - how we can structure our lives to do less of the things that we don't want to do and more of the things that energize us.
	- don't really get much twitter engagement, but have a dozen email subs
	- aligning the products I create with that, vs. digging into my skill set? even with different target markets 
	- for instance I work in SEO and could write a book or course about the things that I know, but I don't want to turn my writing/website into SEO.
	- Would you create a separate brand/website for different target markets? 
- defining value of digital products
	- how do you know when what you have is good enough?
	- ex. Notion templates is a huge market, but as a Notion builder, I'm not really the target market
	- How would you go about understanding what is valuable?

- what might a small bets workbook look like?
	- i'm sort of interested in building something like this for myself, to manage my different ideas and start to get some stuff out into the world 

