- Journal
    - Action Items
        - Today
            - {{[[DONE]]}} Take out trash
            - {{[[DONE]]}} Mow lawn
            - {{[[TODO]]}} Send RGE stuff to Julie & David
            - {{[[DONE]]}} Respond to messages (Jake & Savier)
        - Soon
            - {{[[DONE]]}} Brainstorm titles for my blog
                - My Battle with Perfectionism (and How I'm Overcoming It)
            - Define next steps for automate notion
            - sync budget
        - Sometime
            - Build experimentation journal
    - Good morning! It's been quite some time since I've journaled. I'm glad that I have some time to do it today though! I think I need to brain dump everything that's been on my mind, especially the things that I need to get down. I've been a bit anxious lately, I think mostly about the lawn unfortunately. I think our neightbor mowed part of our lawn the other day, and I feel bad about it, but I'm also scared that he's going to confront me or tell our landlord about it. If he confronts me, I'll just apologise and say that "Thank you for doing that, I'm sorry that it got so long, we were back and forth from a couple of trips and of course the coupole of days we were here it was constantly raining, that I'll make sure that it doesn't happen again" If the landlord calls me, I'll say the same thing. There wont be any reprocrussions there, he'll just say that we gotta make sure to take care of it. It's also possible that neither of those end up happening, and we just go on about our weeks like nothing happened. I think I would want to say something to him anyways about it, and apologize. All in all, there's nothing I can do about that right now. 
        - Other than that, I think some anxiety might be coming from work too. Each and every week I say "this week will be different" but trying to force myself to have more sheer willpower just isn't cutting it. I need to find a new way of tackling this problem. So here's me brainstorming solutions to that
            - Time blocking, scheduling my tasks out for the day 
            - Hmm, I'm honestly not sure what else. I think focus is a big part of my issue, so maybe I should make sure that the only things I have open are my work browser and music player. that way, I'm not constantly checking discord messages or my crypto stuff. Also, I'm not getting distractedd by YouTube. By problem isn't focus, per se, but rather overstimulation. my brain is constantly craving more, and I get bored super easily, so I switch it up and find something new to overload my brain with. This is something that's a constant work in progress though, with meditation and using my phone less, etc
            - 
- Ideas & Notes
    - 
