- Daily
    - [[Morning Pages]] {{word-count}}
        - Hey there. I was watching a video by benjamin hardy, and it talked a lot about setting up your evening and morning routines. 
        - I have a high expectation for myself, but I'm 22. I'm still wicked young, trying to learn how to navigate the world. Trying to figure out what motivates me. What gets me to take action. And I'm struggling with that, but that's okay. If i'm not struggling, with it now, then that means that it'll be less satisfying to solve. I think it's mainly operational procrastination. I don't know how to chunk up the big task of build a business into small things that I can do today. Even as small as posting a blog, there's so much that still needs to happen. From ideation to outlining, to getting the images and writing it. Not to mention getting the site to a decent place to where people can read the blog
        - A lot of things that I've read talk about "think back to when you were a kid,  what did you want to do?" And for a long time, I always thought that I never had that. But I just remembered, I did. It just wasn't normal. I didn't have one thing. I wanted to be a "singing dancing science baker chef...." and the list grew with the things that I was interested. I still want that! I'm multi-passionate. I don't have one thing. That's boring to me. And that's what makes me special. 
        - Resistance is the only thing that we can count on. Everything else is fleeting. So can we enjoy resistance? Are there people who enjoy the battle? (Natsu Dragneel lol)
        - Steven pressfield has this thing that's " a single sheet of paper is the perfect length to outline a novel
            - Kind of makes me think about operational [[⠀/Old Notes/03 Themes & Outlines/Procrastination]] and [[Open Ended Problem Solving]] 
            - When you define the limits of a project, the outlione of it, you can break it down further and take action
    - To-dos
        - {{[[TODO]]}} Daily Highlight - 
    - Ideas & Notes
        - 
