- Journal
    - [[Distraction Journal]]
    - 07:18 {{word-count}}
        - Good morning! I actually woke up at a decent time this morning, without an alarm. I probbaly fell asleep around 10:45 and woke up before 7. I went to check to see if my alarm didnt' go off and it turned out I still had a half hour. but I had to pee so I got up and got my day started! I brushed my teeth this morning, which I've been slacking on, so I'm glad I did that. 
        - I'm not too sure what to journal about this morning. My head is kinda empty. I guess one thing I've been thinking about a lot lately is that I haven't really been making the time for writing or to do the things that matter like work on my businesses
        - Also, next november/december we plan on going to calirfornia to see a show. By then Id really like to have my business up and running so I have extra money to spend on traveling. That's 76 weeks from now! 
        - A lot of the things that I hear is "choose one thing and stick with it over the long run" hell there's even a book about the called The One thing. That advice doesn't work for everyone. I've tried so hard to focus only on one thing, giving it the long run, when the most successful things I've tried have been random one off things. I think of Gary vee, who has built all of these different businesses has a hundred different projects going on at any time, but is just doing what he loves, pursuing all of his ideas
            - Some people are sprinters, others are long distance runners. Dig into your super power. Your strengths. Instead of "how do I combat shiny object syndrome with business ideas" ask yourself, how could you do all of them? Which ones can you take on right now, and which ones will be a future endeavor? It's possible for you to build those different businesses, and maybe having that list of businessses that you're working on is motivating to you. You want to spend a little time here, a little time there, etc.
            - Plus, people are always like "ugh my business failed" . This is a way to throw a bunch of stuff at the wall and see what sticks. If you're gaining extra traction in one idea over another, that means that you're doing something right. 
    - 08:02
        - Just scheduled out tweets for the rest of the week for Automate Notion
- Ideas & Notes
    - 
