- Journal
    - Good morning! Unfortunately my alarm didn't go off until 730, so I'm getting a little bit of a late start. But that's okay! I'll change my alarm now. I will be able to stick with the waking up thing, and that'll give me time to work on the things that matter to me! I'd like to spend a bit more time journaling, hopefully that'll come in the next coming days.
    - I think next I need to stick with a business idea to really commit to. Or at least decide if I want to pursue a couple of them at one time. All of my current ideas are:
        - Automate Notion
        - Outside the Dots
        - The Balance Brewer
        - Accountability App
    - Goal: 
        - I'll have an automated business bringing me in a net of $120k a year, where it only takes a few hours per week to manage. I'll have time to do the things that I love, whether that be sharing my thoughts on the internet, building new businesses, or gaining new skills. I'll have time to pursue things like music and game development, and have the money to spend on random business ideas. I'll have time to spend with my friends and family, and be able to comfortably afford things that I enjoy and improve the quality of my life, my hobbies, and the lives of those around me.
    - What's stopping me:
        - I have a hard time sticking with one thing over a long enough period of time. I've yet to break it down to a certain cause, but I'll get a business idea, or a blog post idea, get really excited about it, and then the motivation burns out and I resort back to old habits. Sustaining consistent action over a long period of time doesn't come easy to me, so it's difficult when the things that I aspire to do require at least 2 or 3 years of consistent work to pull off. I struggle with sticking to my goals or ideas for one month. Thinking about the work excites me, writing this to you excites me, yet I struggle with the implementation and action. The frustration of that boils within me, and then I start into a self-flagellating rut that doesn't help anything. Then the cycle repeats, 2 steps forwards, 2 steps back. It's possible that subconsciously I've built an identity around this. That I don't do the things I know I should do. That I'm bad at taking action. I want to break that identity, but I'm not sure how.
    - What I could do:
        - 
- Ideas & Notes
    - [[How to Design Your Goals]]
