- Daily
    - [[Morning Pages]] {{word-count}}
        - Good morning! I started ou tthis morning on a really rough foot. I tried recordding a video, I was all ready and prepared, and then I saw the low battery signal on my camera. It's my fault, I should have checked last night, since I knew that I was planning on doing that this morning. On top of that, I expected myself to do it this morning "in one take" without any preparation. Sure Ive built this a couple of times,  but somehow I thought that I could have done it in one take without any notes or outline. I can't have those expectations of myself. Even when I do presentations, I have a slideshow to show. I haven't made videos like this verry much before. I'm a beginner at this. and that's okay. It's okay to not be good at something. I'm not good at making videos right now. But I can work on it and improve. It's a skill. 
        - I'm a bit overwhelmed right now. The house is a mess from moving stuff around and still trying to unpack. Not to mention I'm not really organized with anything. I have all of these thoughts, ideas, and everything floating around in my mind and I just can't seem to make progress on anything. Same goes for work. I just haven't been happy with myself lately.
        - But why should I tie my happiness to how "well I'm doing" at things. I wish it was as easy as a change in thinking, and maybe it is. 
    - To-dos
        - {{[[TODO]]}} Daily Highlight - 
    - [[Ideas & Notes]]
        - [[Meaningful Productivity]] 
        - [[The Real Secret of Productivity]]]]
        - [[Wu Wei]] 
            - Wu wei is a concept literally meaning "inexertion", "inaction", or "Effortless [[Action]]".
        - Tom bilyeu on [[⠀/Old Notes/03 Themes & Outlines/Procrastination]]
            - https://www.facebook.com/tombilyeu/photos/a.784391455007819/3107483292698612/?type=3
            - The biggest cause of procrastination is not being excited by what you’re building towards.
            - That’s not to say you’ll ever get procrastination to zero. Procrastination can be triggered by a lot of things.
            - Number 5 will be controversial, but if you know how to do it artfully it’s a powerful part of the equation. If you’re not sure about #5, skip that one for now. The other 4 will treat you very, very well.
        - https://youtu.be/sZgJvfGpTnI [[Self Development]]
            - if you’re under 25, get the broadest education possible
            - use frustration to feed growth 
                - when we fail, we grow
    - [[Failing Repeatedly at Life Avoid this Cognitive Trap]]
    - [[Identity]] Framework 
        - What is the end goal?
        - What is the purpose for achieving this?
        - What sort of person would I have to become in order to achieve that? What's a title for those type of people?
        - What do these people do on a daily basis? What do they believe?
        - What small wins can I make every day to prove to myself that I am one of those people?
    - 
