- Daily
    - [[Morning Pages]] {{word-count}}
        - I want to start to define processes for my tools. What do I want roam to do? what do I want notion to do?
            - How do I build evergreen notes in roam?
                - Have one page that everything gets tagged into, have one for content, one for content notes, one for my evergreen notes
    - To-dos
        - {{[[TODO]]}} Daily Highlight - 
    - Ideas & Notes
        - [[Enjoy the Journey]] 
            - Right now I'm in this beautiful state of having places to grow - things that I want. I should enjoy where I am right now. I shouldn't be rushing to make more money, I should be grateful for what I have and what I'm saving
            - There's a certain power in not having everything. You have room to grow. You have desires. Hold onto those and be happy that you have room to grow
            - Enjoy where you are now and be grateful for the opportunity 
        - Quantity vs. Quality 
            - quantity improves quality
        - Pathos vs Logos - [[Emotion vs Logic]] 
            - Mark manson talks about this
            - When we read something logical, we agree, maybe write it down, then forget about it.
            - When something emotional comes up, it changes us
            - Neuroscience?
            - Emotions is the driver, logic trys to give it directions
            - If content is more focused on emotions, rather than logic, then it changes peoples lives more
            - Most content nowadays
        - [[Goal Setting]] 
            - We're told to set smart goals. We want
            - When we achieve a goal. we're satiated. It's not a positive, it's a nuetral.
            - So how do we create positive outcomes
                - Enjoying the daily work, enjoying the process
                - Setting goals that aren't attainable
            - Action Journal [[Ideas]] 
                - how to use journaling to make progress towards your goals
                - First take your emotions - how are you feeling?
                - What's your current obstacles that are stopping you from achieving your goals?
            - Reading books is hard. 
                - Talk about all that goes into reading a book, from doing the initial skim to reading everyday for 2 weeks and only getting halfway. 
                - Not to mention the note taking and highlighting. 
                - What if you didn't? 
                    - What if you just picked up a book and skimmed through it? 
                - Take a look at the bookshelf, see something interesting, and flip through. Is there something interesting rhat peeks your interest? Dive deeper! I'd not, do something else
                - [[Tsundoku]] - Unread books
- [[David Perell's Writing One-Sheet]]
- [[3 Steps to Becoming Great at Anything]]
- [[Make your Goal a Reality]]
- 
