- Daily
    - [[Morning Pages]] {{word-count}}
        - Good morning! Today I don't really feel like working. I don't really feel like doing much. If I could do anything today I'd probably just spend the day working on one of the Notion API business ideas, and consuming or creating content. With work I just feel like there's no time to really pursue the things I want, and that makes me sad. And then I feel bad because if I got to a point where I was making decent money from my side gig, then I'd feel bad becauseI really like Ryan and by that time will have Miranda working with us too. I hope to get to spot in my FT career where the things I'm doing are easily replaceable. Doing all of the SEO stuff, that I will have created processes so someone can come in and hit the ground running. 
        - One of the things I've been thinking about is if I want to make money through creating content. My gut instinct is that I don't. It's a very trendy thing, and everyone seems to want to do it. But I think the creators who are constantly trying to sell you something is quite annoying. When selling their course gets into the mix, it ends up feeling like their primary motive isn't to help you change your life, but rather to make them money. There's nothing wrong with these people making money, I just don't see it as something that I'd really like to do. On top of that it'd take quite a while, and I may be getting to a point where I need fast action, and I should dig into that if possible. Use it to my advantage. 
        - I'm starting to feel a bit tired of my job. I don't think it's about my job specifically, but rather with the fact of the 8-5 constriction and SEO work. I just think that I'm ready to go off and do my own thing. 
    - To-dos
        - {{[[TODO]]}} Daily Highlight - 
- 
