- Daily
    - [[Morning Pages]] {{word-count}}
        - Good morning! Today I'm starting a bit earlier on my journaling! wohoo! I dind't have to shower this morning so that's part of the reason why. I'd like to get some music set up before I continue though. Nice. 
        - I'm not sure what to journal about toeday. I had a bunch that I wanted to journal about uesterdayu, so I could just continue on the chain of thought there. I wass thinking about all of my goals and what I wanted to do. I have this idea of building up automate notino. It's sort of the perfect business for me, because it's something that I can set up and create some stuff for, and I have Jake to help me do that, then movetize it and run the business on autopilot. It might be nice to define som ethings behind why I want to do this, and what are the things that I need to do Next
        - Why Automate Notion?
            - To build a business that gives me the income to start pursing the things that I want. To give me the freedom to choose what I want to do with my time
            - Both using Notion and creating Automations is something that I love doing, so this is the perfect sub-niche
            - I have someone working with me that can handle the more technical side of creating products, while I oversee the marketing
            - I can create content, learn how to drive traffic, and actually build something that people come to for help. A useful resource.
            - To help others get the feelings of success when they get more time out of their day after automating something that usually takes them forever
        - What can I do?
            - Build automations using zapier/automate
            - Curate others content around automation
            - Create blog posts for the automations I build
            - Create videos for the automations I build
                - Outline
                - Script
                - Record
                - Edit
                - Post
            - Start learning how to build my own tech/API solutions
                - Build a list of automation ideas
        - I journaled a bit less today than yesterday, but I think today was a bit more useful, so I'm excited for that :D 
    - To-dos
        - {{[[TODO]]}} Daily Highlight - 
    - Ideas & Notes
        - You're not lacking motivation, your cost benefit analysis is off
            - And your suffering comes from comparing yourself from an ideal future version of yourself
            - 
